0: Hello again.

0.1: Oh hey.  I'm Amy.

0.2: The fire is so pretty!

0.3: Hey hot stuff,  What's up?

1: Real mature there guy...

2: Holy shit.  I need a reality check right now.  Did that actually just fucking happen?  So fucking gross.  Ugh.

2.1: Fuck I love the smell of your cum all over me!

3: Why thank you.  The pleasure's all mine!

4: Wow that's so cheesy, but cute...

5: Sorry pal.  Not my thing.

6: Oh my god, I love them!  I saw them in concert last week, and it was even better than when I saw them the week before!  Are you a fan?

7: That's Thirty Seconds to Mars you idiot.  Brendon Urie sings for Panic.  God I hate when guys just say shit to get into your pants.  I think we're done chatting.

8: Well hey, to each their own, right?  As long as you don't hate them or anything we can still be friends.

9: Sorry guy.  Not interested...

10: You didn't hear?  His little brother got busted with meth!  It was on the news and everything.  Poor Derek had to be the one to bail him out of jail and handle the entire situation.  He pretty much raised that kid.  Derek's pretty broken.  It's bad.

11: Whoa guy, I think you might need to lay down for a bit...

12: Whoa whoa whoa.  Sorry about that guys.  Didn't mean to walk in on anything.  I'll just be going now...

13: What the fuck dude?  You're just gonna do that right here?

14: Oh.  Yeah I guess I have been kind of spacing out.  Well, it's just that I'm new in town and I'm trying to join a sorority.  They've got me doing a scavenger hunt as an initiation.  It's due tomorrow and I don't have a lot of the items still.  I'm thinking about maybe leaving the party and seeing if I can finish it up.  A lot of the items on the list are kind of... well.. embarrassing to say the least, and I don't know too many people here that well.

15: Oh wow.  Ok then.  Maybe I'll stick around for a bit and see what we can get accomplished.  Thank you!

16: Let's see... the first item I don't have is... oh gosh, somebody's expired credit card, and it can't be mine.  See why I can't ask these people I just met?  Things get much worse going forward too!

17: Oh wow, that was so nice of Madison to let you have her old credit card!  I'm really glad that these new people I've been meeting tonight are so cool!

18: Ok... so next up, I need... oh gosh I need to get a condom from a stranger.  If this is too embarrassing for you, you can let me know, and I'll understand.  I think I'd die if I had to do this myself.

19: Oh wow!  Thank you!  I don't even want to know how you got this!

20: Hmm... let's see.  Oh here's one I don't have yet.  I need to convince my closest male friend to take his shirt off and give it to me.  That would be Derek out of everybody who's here.  He's really shy.  I doubt you'd be able to get him to do it...

21: That's a pretty good plan!  You might actually be able to pull this off!  Sure, I'll sign!

22: Oh my god, I can't believe you actually did it!  That's so funny!  This is actually getting kind of fun, I'm not going to lie.

23: Let me look and see...  Oh god, ok.  This one won't be so easy.  I need a pair of women's panties.  They can't be mine, and they must actually come off of somebody.  Good luck with this one...

24: Oh my god, I can't believe you actually did it.  I'm freaking out right now.  Who actually gave you their panties?  Actually, nevermind, I don't want to know.  I am nailing this scavenger hunt, so that's all that matters.  Gotta keep my eyes on the prize!

25: Sorry, but this is as far as the story goes right now.  More to come soon!

26: Hmm.  Let's see what I have left that I haven't done.  Ugh.  I don't know...  the tasks kind of get really perverse now that I'm down to the last few.  I really want to get into the sorority, but I'm not sure if it's worth degrading myself.  What do you think?

27: You know what?  You're right.  It's kind of idiotic now that I think about it that I am trying so hard to fit in with a group.  That really isn't me.  I'm glad we had this chat.  I'm really glad I met you.

28: You're right.  Fuck it.  I honestly could probably benefit from stepping a little outside my comfort zone.  To be completely honest, some of this stuff kind of turns me on...

29: Hmm.  So it looks like the next few are actually pictures I need to take on my phone.  First up, I need a picture of somebody wearing the american flag in some way, shape or form.

30: Whoa, no way!  That's perfect.  I'll go and check it out and try to snap a shot of her!

31: Whoa guy.  I know you said you'd be willing to do anything to help me out, but I didn't think you meant it so literally! Just hurry it up

32: Well I'm still pretty new in town, but I'm sure I'll find some other ways to make friends.  Right now, I'd like to go hang out by the fire pit.  It reminds me of back home in Rhode Island.  On those cold nights, we'd light a fire in the back yard with some hot chocolate.  Good times.  Anyway, wanna join?

33: I know, right?  There's something about a fire that always soothes me.  Maybe I'm a closet pyromaniac!  [Laughs]  I guess I've just always had an appreciation for the little things.  What do you like to do to relax?

34: Oh.  That's... interesting....

35: Look guy, I get that you're trying to impress me, but you don't have to try so hard.  I just want to learn more about you.

36: Oh look at you with the compliments!  You wouldn't happen to be trying to score brownie points with me, would you?

37: Well, you're sweet.  I'm glad I met you.  I was worried I wouldn't make too many friends  here.  Back home it seemed really easy.  Maybe it's just me, but it feels different here somehow.

38: Uh, I'm from Rhode Island guy, not Long Island.  Were you even listening to anything I was saying, or are you just biding your time waiting for an opportunity to stick your tongue down my throat?

39: Ok maybe this was a bad idea.  It was nice to have met you.  I'm just gonna head off now.

40: You know you're probably right.  I don't see why it's be any different here.  I'm sure there are quality people wherever you go.  You just have to seek them out.

41: Eh, I'm just not feeling it guy.  I think I'll take a pass.   Sorry!

42: You know something, it's totally unlike me to just randomly hook up with a guy at a party, but meeting you has been really fun for me and different.  I mean everything you did helping me out with the scavenger hunt was awesome, and it turns out, you can totally just chill and have a conversation without thinking about your dick for five minutes.  That's a huge plus!

43: I've never done this before, but I suppose this is my last chance to act like a sorority girl.  [Laugh]  Follow me.

44: Ugh.  Please don't bring up my mom.  Talk about a buzzkill.  Let's stop with the chit chat before I change my mind about this...

45: Look at that.  All that and a sense of humor to boot!  Consider me officially swooned!

46: Oh no way!  You found some hot chocolate?  Thanks for trying to make me feel at home.  I really appreciate that!  You have totally outdone yourself, but I'm not complaining!

47: I think that's a great idea.  What did you have in mind?

48: I think we should probably do something about the other people around first...

49: Well then... I guess this is your lucky day...

50: Eh... Don't get me wrong.  I like you.  I'm totally into fooling around a bit, but I think that might be taking things a little far past what I'm comfortable with.  How about we do something else?

51: Oh... it's so big.  Um... oh did I just say that out loud?

52: What's up?  I'm a little busy here...

53: Sorry guy.  Looks like your attention might be more focused on other things than helping me out from what I saw.  I'm good from here on out.  Thanks though.

54: Mrph ermph emperermp rahngerurmpgh!

55: Ok, so here's what I was talking about when I said these start getting a little more risque.  I need a picture of myself wearing "Goodbye Kitty" underwear.  I'm not sure where I'm even going to find underwear like that.  Let me know if you have any ideas.

56: Oh my gosh, you are on fire tonight!  These look a little small, but I don't think I'm going to get a better option.  Ok, I'm going to go try these on and snap my selfie.

57: I see you've decided to tag along.  Don't worry, it's cool.  After everything you've done for me, I suppose you deserve a little show.

58: Alright.  Moving right along here...  Next up on this crazy adventure, I need a picture of me skinny-dipping with at least two other people.  Hmm.  I guess I'm down for this, but I need two others to join me.  I don't suppose you're up for it?

59: Why don't you keep your shirt on for now.  Let's see who else we can find to join us.

60: Nooo way guy.  I am not getting naked first.  I really need this scavenger hunt item, but I just don't have the guts to take the lead on this one... I have a feeling I'm going to need to get naked anyway  *sigh* atleast get me something to drink

61: Sure, I'm down with that.  This is all kind of exciting to be honest.  Let's go!

62: Oh!  Um... truth!

63: I'll take dare.  Hit me with your best shot!

64: Ok, I'm just going to close my eyes and do it.  Here goes!

65: I can't believe I'm actually going to do this.  Ok, here goes...

66: Oh!  Right!  I got so caught up in the moment, I forgot all about that!

67: Oh!  What a question!  Honestly, getting kisses on my neck really turns me on.  I don't think I've actually ever told anybody that out loud before.

68: No, I haven't actually.  But there's a first time for everything, right?

69: Duh.  I'd have them all strip naked so I could complete this scavenger hunt!

70: I honestly thought it was a little creepy that you wanted to help me with my scavenger hunt at first, I'm not gonna lie, but you turned out to be a pretty cool dude, and I am nailing this hunt!

71: To be quite honest, Brittney.  Her tits look so impressive inside that top, that I can't help but wonder what they'd look like unleashed!

72: Why don't you pick Brittney this turn?  I feel like I'm getting ganged up on here!

73: Oh shit, you're right!   I got so caught up in the moment I forgot.  Yeah, let me line up a shot!

74: Well this has been a lot of fun guys, but I'm getting really self-conscious being out here like this.  We should totally do this again sometime though.   I'm gonna head inside...

75: Oh.  Yeah I guess you are.  Sorry... I was.. um.. staring.  Ok.  Here goes nothing...

76: Oh shit, no way!  We're really going to pull this one off?  Fuck yeah, let's go!

77: Yeah, sorry.  This is all just new to me.  I've never been so... open I guess.  It all just hit me at once and I got really self-conscious.  At the same time though, I'm having feelings I've never had before.  Weird feelings... like I'm really turned on by all this.  It's all kind of confusing.

78: I'm being serious here.  You know what, just forget it.  I need to sort this out by myself, but here and now isn't the place...

79: That's the thing, I think I do enjoy it.  I mean... I can't deny the way it makes me feel.  It's just hard to get past that little voice in my head that's telling me that this is wrong for some reason.

80: I don't know.   I think I need to think about all of this a little more.  Thanks for all of your help tonight, but I think we should just drop this for now.

81: I... I guess you're right.  I really do need to listen to my feelings and not be afraid of who I am!  Thanks for the talk.  I found out some things about myself tonight that I never knew, but I'll contemplate on this stuff later.  For now, I'm going to do something I've never done before and make myself a little more comfortable.  I mean, fuck it!  I'm among friends right? As for you I want you to fuck me right here right now.

82: You know what, you're right.  Plus, if I were a guy right now, I wouldn't think twice about whipping my shirt off.  Ugh, that's so unfair.  I think I'm going to just let loose and have a little fun, but I don't want to get too crazy.  No reason I need this top though right?  Thanks for the chat!

83: Um, can't we go somewhere a little more private first?

84: omg I need that in my mouth right now!

85: These are for kids though they're really tight on me... are you getting hard? Is me wearing these that much of a turn on for you?

86: Save it, you're no good to me like that... consider this a... reward for helping me with my list, but I expect you to help me finish it tonight!

87: There, you should be back to normal now big boy, we got a list to do... uhh... I don't think madison is going to want these back since you've drench them with your cum...

88: Alright that should be enough for my nerves

89: I need your cock down my throat right now!

