0: Hey again.  How's it going?

0.1: Hi, I'm Ashley.  I'm Madison's sister.  Nice to meet you!

0.2: Hey any luck finding me a way to dry off?

1: Ugh.  My stupid sister Madison spilled beer all over me.  I know she did it on purpose too even though she'd never admit it.  Right now I'm dripping wet, so I need to figure out a way to dry off.

2: Ugh.  Please don't compare me to her.  We're not exactly getting along at the moment. But thanks 

3: Aww, thanks!  That's really sweet!

4: You're not helping.

5: You'd do that for me?  Wait, how do I know you're not in league with Madison and this isn't just another plan to humiliate me?  I'm not sure if I can trust you yet.

6: Ever since I was young she's always been pulling pranks on me and embarassing me.  She just loves humiliating me, especially in front of her friends.  One time she stole all of my clothes and towels while I was in the bathroom and I had to run out naked while we had a bunch of company over.  It was awful!  I wish just once, I could watch her on the receiving end for a change.

7: Hmm.  You're a good looking guy.  I bet my sister would be into you.  How about this.  You seduce her and try to get her naked in the bedroom.  Then go and grab Frank and make him walk in on her.  She'd be so fucking embarassed!  That would be epic!  If you need any tips seducing her, just ask me.  I've stolen her diary enough times to know what gets her all hot and bothered.

8: Sorry, but I don't think we know each other well enough to get into it.

9: Aww,  you'd help me?  Well, right now I'm dripping wet.  I need to dry off these clothes somehow.

10: Perfect!  Thanks!  But these clothes still smell like beer really bad.

11: Tell you what.  Madison keeps a diary.  I've seen her writing in it.  She doesn't let anybody read it.  I don't even know where she keeps it.  If you can bring it to me, I'll know for sure that I can trust you.

12: You fucking asshole!  Get the fuck away from me!

13: Hey is that Madison's Phone?

14: Oh, okay then.  It's pretty close.  You even have the same pink case.

15: Hmm.  Well if you're looking to break into her phone, I could probably get you the passcode.  But first you'll have to do something for me.

16: Well it's no secret that Madison and I have some bad history with each other.  I would love to finally get her back and play a prank on her for once instead of her always pulling one over on me.  Plus, humiliating her at her own party would just be epic.

17: See if you can find her diary.  She always keeps the password to her phone in there so she doesn't forget it.  She thinks she's clever making it seem like it's a phone number, but I know how to figure it out.  She's constantly changing her passcode, which is why she writes it down in her diary entries, so there's gotta be something good on that phone.  You get me the diary, I'll get you the passcode to that phone.

18: Impressive!  I didn't think you had it in you, but I'm happy to be proven wrong.  This diary has all of Madison's passwords for everything.  Look, here's her phone code; 1337.  I can get into everything now!  Facebook, email.  Oh this is going to be awesome!

19: I suppose you did risk your neck to get this diary.  Madison would have killed you if she saw you.  Ok, follow me.  We'll go to a private area where I can change.

20: Ok.  Here goes.  Hey thanks for looking out for me.  You really came though!

21: Could you please shut the door first?

22: Ugh.  I'm not feeling too well all of a sudden.

23: Umm.  It's a little crowded in here for me to get naked at the moment...

24: Umm... you're kind of... exposed.

24.1: I could think of a few things to do with that...

25: Actually, I'm really thirsty, and I can't exactly walk to the fridge like this.  Could you go and get me a soda?

26: Oh thank you so much!  You're the best!

27: Oh gosh.  I need to find a bathroom quickly!

28: Fuck, who locked the bathroom door?  You did this on purpose didn't you?

29: Fuck me!  This one's locked too!  The only other bathrom is.. ::gulp:: ..downstairs.  Okay, deep breath Ashley.  You can do this....

30: Fuck you you asshole.  Of course you have the key.  I knew it was you and Madison behind this!  I really need to get in there.  I'll do anything!  I'll fucking stay naked for the rest of the party.  Just let me in there.

31: Sorry, but I don't think I'm comfortable enough with you to do that.  You've seen plenty already.  I'll take my chances with my wet panties.

32: Oh thank you so so much!  You basically saved my life!  Anything you need from me, feel free to ask!

33: What.  The.  Fuck.  Seriously guys?  I fucking need to get into the bathroom!  Does anybody have a key?

34: You are the worst kind of asshole.  Hope you enjoy the show, dickwad.

35: Ugh.  If it's the only way I'm getting in there, then I don't have any other choice.  Here.  Take them.  I doubt there's any chance of me getting my clothes back after I'm done in there?  I have a feeling I'm spending the rest of this party naked...

36: Today's your lucky day.  You're lucky I like you so much!

37: Oh stop it.  Haha.  You're funny.

38: Wait did I hear my name?

39: Hmm.  Well I guess I do owe you.  You came through for me after all.  I would say you've earned it.  Though, I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to.

40: Umm.  Maybe if we go somewhere more private?  I'm not really into exhibitionism.

41: What the fuck dude.  I mean I appreciate you helping me out, but I'm not going to blow you at a party.  I think maybe we should stop talking right now.

42: What the fuck asshole!  Did you just cum on me?  What the fuck is your problem?  Ew ew ew!

42.1: You fucking got it all over my dress!  I just had this cleaned!  Dude I would have totally gone somewhere with you if you just asked!

43: Mrnph erm rumfrum errm mumphrum mer...

44: You're giving me back my clothes?  Well, thank you, but this still doesn't undo what you did to me.  You're still an asshole, but I appreciate you letting me get dressed.

45: Aww atleast you tried 

46: Um, no, sorry I haven't.

47: Oh, it's you.  What do you want?

48: What the fuck did you even do that for?  It was really embarrassing for me!

49: The fact that you would do something so mean to me  just to get another girl's number is even worse dude.  You're patheitc.  Not to mention the fact that you'd listen to anything my sister says.  Get the fuck away from me.

50: Well it was really mature of you to apologize.  I suppose that's a start.  I'm still not really sure I trust you yet though.

51: Oh.  For me?  Thanks... but everybody knows I hate the color red.  It reminds me of the time Madison dyed my hair bright red and then shaved off my eyebrows while I was sleeping.

52: Aww, thank you!  I appreciate how hard you're trying to make it up to me.  Where did you even find a blue flower like this around here?  Weird.

53: No, but let me know if you find some.  I definitely want in on that shit.

54: Umm.. nice score dude, but what am I supposed to do with that?

55: Fuck yeah!  Wait, do you have a light?

56: Oh fuck yes!  Thank you very much!  I'm going to go enjoy this somewhere more secluded if you don't mind.  Hey thanks for this.  As far as you and I are concerned, we're square.

57: Wow.  You may want to go a little easier on the drinking there...

58: Oh.  I didn't realize this was that kind of party.  Carry on!

59: Umm.  You're not only exposed, you're... yeah I'm just going to leave now...

60: Oh weird.  Ok, I'll go see what he wants.  Thanks!

61: Ummm, let me think about that for a second.  Okay, I'm done.  Yes please.

62: Well that depends.  What's it for?

63: Um.  It's already legal here, idiot.

64: I'm not sure if you're trying to be funny, flirty, or cute, but whichever it is, you failed.

65: I'm kind of in the middle of something right now.  But maybe later.

66: Hahaha... what Does it look..  nhu... like  fuckk--hnng right now.... Fuck your so big...

67: You've got some balls...Hmm.  You came through for me in the end i suppose.... and what better way to get back at my sister than to fuck you right in front of her!

68: Follow me stud where on a mission

69: aahh, that felt great I can see why Mad wanted you for herself; we're done here stud

